Nuan Nuan Nuan
I really blamed you before Nuannuan
Thank you for being warm
I didn't expect you to be so righteous
I recognize this sister
Although you are fake white and rich
However, from now on, I will treat you as a real sister.
Auntie, you are so rich
Hmph, these two really got it all
Okay, take care of the silver
Goodbye Nuannuan
Labor doctors have endured once, not easy
But what do you do with your 300,000 surgery?
If not
I sold our house
I asked Leslie to bring in the doctor
But obviously he couldn't afford the treatment
So if I lend him the money this time
Operate on his mother
Then he must be grateful to me
At least you won't hurt me again
Hey
Don't you want to scrape together the money to operate on your mother?
Ah, I'm here to see someone else
I just overheard your conversation with the doctor
Is the cost of your mother's surgery?
Is there something wrong?
I can help.
What exactly do you want to do?
Oops don't go
i
I like you.
As long as you promise to be my boyfriend, I will help you.